GCP Private Services Connect Improvements (#1704)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-gcp.md

<TabItem value="Private Service Connect">

Private Service Connect allows Astro to access GCP data that belongs to different groups, teams, projects, and organizations. To learn more about Private Service Connect, see [Private Service Connect](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect).

> All Astro data planes on GCP are configured with a private services connection that accepts all Google APIs. All connections to Google services use the `googleapis.com` domain to ensure the privacy and security of communications within the Google network. A list of Google services and their associated service names are provided in the [Google APIs Explorer Directory](https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer). Alternatively, you can run the following command in the Google Cloud CLI to return a list of Google services and their associated service names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro data plane hosted on GCP is configured with a private services connection that accepts all Google APIs. All connections to Google services use the `googleapis.com` domain to ensure the privacy and security of communications within the Google network. A list of Google services and their associated service names are provided in the [Google APIs Explorer Directory](https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer). Alternatively, you can run the following command in the Google Cloud CLI to return a list of Google services and their associated service names:
```

Reviewer: Most customers will only have to worry about one data plane, unless they belong to two Orgs which is extremely rare.

```sh
gcloud services list --available --filter="name:googleapis.com"
```

> You can use the default GCP DNS name in your DAGS to simplify the implementation of GCP private services connections. Astronomer has implemented a default GCP DNS zone and resource record that routes the default GCP DNS name through the private services connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the default GCP DNS name in your DAGs to simplify the implementation of GCP private services connections. Astronomer has implemented a default GCP DNS zone and resource record that routes the default GCP DNS name through the private services connection.
```
What is the default GCP DNS name? Can we include it here or is it different per org?
